README.md, before:

# git-swears
![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/vinceh121/git-swears/Java%20CI%20with%20Maven)
![Most used swear](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=yellow&label=Most%20used%20swear&query=%24.mostUsed.word&url=https%3A%2F%2Fswear.vinceh121.me%2Fcount.json%3Furi%3Dhttps%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fvinceh121%2Fgit-swears)
![Swear count timeline of this project](https://swear.vinceh121.me/count.png?type=timeline&uri=https://github.com/vinceh121/git-swears)

Counts swear words over time in a git repository. Available as a standalone executable and as a service.

## How to use the service

The JSON endpoint returning the count of swears is the following:

```
https://swear.vinceh121.me/count.json?uri=repo_uri[&branch=branch_name]
```

The endpoint returning PNG images of graphs is the following:

```
https://swear.vinceh121.me/count.png?type=timeline&uri=repo_uri[&branch=branch_name]
```

To know more on the endpoints, see the [wiki](https://github.com/vinceh121/git-swears/wiki/Endpoints)

### Using with shields.io

Using shields.io's dynamic json endpoint you can interface with the service to get beautiful badges, for example:

`https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=yellow&label=Most%20used%20swear&query=%24.mostUsed.word&url=https%3A%2F%2Fswear.vinceh121.me%2Fcount.json%3Furi%3Dhttps%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fvinceh121%2Fgit-swears`

## How to use the command line

**TBD**

## Why is the code running this ugly?
You think this is supposed to be a serious project?

Commit message:

build instructions and cli help

README.md, after:

# git-swears
![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/vinceh121/git-swears/Java%20CI%20with%20Maven)
![Most used swear](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=yellow&label=Most%20used%20swear&query=%24.mostUsed.word&url=https%3A%2F%2Fswear.vinceh121.me%2Fcount.json%3Furi%3Dhttps%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fvinceh121%2Fgit-swears)
![Swear count timeline of this project](https://swear.vinceh121.me/count.png?type=timeline&uri=https://github.com/vinceh121/git-swears)

Counts swear words over time in a git repository. Available as a standalone executable and as a service.

## How to use the service

The JSON endpoint returning the count of swears is the following:

```
https://swear.vinceh121.me/count.json?uri=repo_uri[&branch=branch_name]
```

The endpoint returning PNG images of graphs is the following:

```
https://swear.vinceh121.me/count.png?type=timeline&uri=repo_uri[&branch=branch_name]
```

To know more on the endpoints, see the [wiki](https://github.com/vinceh121/git-swears/wiki/Endpoints)

### Using with shields.io

Using shields.io's dynamic json endpoint you can interface with the service to get beautiful badges, for example:

`https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=yellow&label=Most%20used%20swear&query=%24.mostUsed.word&url=https%3A%2F%2Fswear.vinceh121.me%2Fcount.json%3Furi%3Dhttps%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fvinceh121%2Fgit-swears`

## How to use the command line

```
usage: git-swears
 -a,--list-graphs        Lists available graph types
 -b,--branch <arg>       Git branch to count in
 -g,--graph <arg>        Outputs a graph
 -i,--image-type <arg>   Image type
 -r,--repo <arg>         Path to the git repository
 -s,--swears <arg>       Swear list. Either a comma-separated list, or
                         fully qualified URL to a newline-separated list
 -t,--list-image-types   Image type
```

## Build instructions

`mvn compile assembly:single -P <profiles>`

The following Maven profiles are available:

 - `<none>` builds what's needed to use git-swears as a library
 - `cli` builds the base + the CLI
 - `service` builds the base + the Vert.x service

## Why is the code running this ugly?
You think this is supposed to be a serious project?
